📍How to Run A 15 - 25 min 
Demo That Sells Like Crazy 👀




Start with Canva Slide Deck →HERE 

MASS AI Team Zoom 
sign on-  massaiteam@gmail.com
Password - Massaiteamrocks2023

Fathom video recorder invitation https://fathom.video/invite/Sm_2ag

Automation Suite to check for partner → https://app.automationsuite.io

Check Out Page $4797 → https://checkout.mass.ai/app-annual-8903

Check Out Page $8k →  https://checkout.mass.ai/mass-ai-with-coaching-93

Watch the Video Here → https://somup.com/c06UrrBSfe

Demo Example → https://fathom.video/share/KkJ3D-acQjCMHNZQryixYLWsgAHMy-4r

Link to mass ai HERE 

👋Welcome to Mass A.I. Demo SOP 😍

This document will give you all the resources to run a demo that creates EASIER SALES and simultaneously gives the prospect value. In order to do this we will need to focus on WHY or MOTIVATIONAL Messaging. This means we can not get technical or logical. 

This document will have the resources and the sound bites I have used to create consistent 3.5k to 30k deals. 

Starting the Call. 

Pre - Frame - I am going to pre frame the call by stating that we will do 3 things. 

Understand what they are looking for with the systems
Understand if we can make the systems better specifically for them. 
Show them PROOF of how to save a lot of time, save energy on learning curves, save money on expenses and potentially scale - with far less work. 
The goal is to PROVE this by showing data in the resources provided above vs just telling them stories. And also showing them briefly inside the system and how it can work for them.  


I always start the call by getting straight to it. 

“Welcome to the call, I have about 25 minutes and I would like to cover how we used this system to drastically shorten the learning curve + skillset on any marketing and sales, crank out full marketing campaigns in record time, and do what the big companies hire a full team for, while keeping things lean and simple. How does that sound? 

They Respond… 


After they respond we need to understand WHY they are on the call with us. 

Understanding what they are looking for: 

What were you looking to get out of this system? 

Let them answer as thoroughly as possible.  

Here are some examples of things I have heard

Better Content
Expand Reach with more content 
Easier Sales and Copywriting 
Easier Funnels and Marketing 
Save time
Simplify 
Use for their clients 
Close More Sales - Faster 

They Respond… 



After they respond we need to understand HOW we can make things better, faster or cheaper for them. 


Understanding HOW we can help them: 

What's the biggest problem in your business right now?

Do you have anything you want the system to do - specifically?  

They Respond… 

Cost of In-action

After you have identified the ‘One Thing’, you now need to attach a cost of doing nothing to it. You want the prospect to actually give you a financial cost of how much money is being wasted or left on the table by not taking action. 

If you focused the same amount of time on sales instead of what you're doing now, how much extra do you think you could be making each week? 

So you're essentially leaving x amount on the table? 

Close all other doors 

This is where you have the prospect close all other options or ‘doors’ they were going to try. You want them to list out what they have tried before and help them close all of these doors themselves, by telling you why all those things don't work.

“So, if you're currently spending/doing X and it's costing you X then why have you not solved this already? What have you already tried?”

Have them admit and close each door to other solutions.

Proof of Why

After they respond we prove how and why we can make things better for them with demos and real life case studies. 


PROVE to them how & why we can help with (X) with SHARE SCREEN , ask permission first: 

Would it be ok if I showed you hands on how we are doing X?  

Examples for X : (Dependent on what they are looking for)  

How were closing high ticket sales straight from content 
How were generating inbound leads daily 
How were paying for our ads with offers created by mass ai 
Systematizing online business
How we’re doing a months work in a few hours

They Respond… 

SHARE YOUR SCREEN 
Start with Canva Slide Deck →HERE 
Go To app and whip up a campaign → HERE & HERE 
Show them how we snowball the campaign into different mediums like Sales Pages, Webinars, High Ticket Client Attraction Systems, Content. Etc… 

Ask them how they can see this helping them.

How can you see this helping your business NAME?  

They respond

Invite them to a proper sales call by saying this. 

Ok great NAME, usually the next step is we hop on another call where we can discuss the details of what it looks like to continue using the system.  

Is Tuesday or Thursday better for you? FOR EXAMPLE. 
 
Book it in 

Great job! 

Resources 
Canva → HERE 
LucidChart →HERE
Viral Hacks Case Study 1 → HERE 
A.I. Offers Case Study → HERE
Mass A.I. Fast Start → HERE
Mass A.I. Fast Sales System → HERE 

MASS CONTENT FUNNEL -> HERE 


Resources For Calls 

Triage Call Examples 

Fusion 15 - 30 Min Triage Call - Will Porter (Auto-Booking) Cold - Warm Pass - 0=m%KAQ&
Fusion 15 - 30 Min Triage Call - John Alexander (Auto-Booking) Cold - Warm (CLOSED Deal) - Starts at 5:51 Pass - zB0&RM06
Fusion 15 - 30 Min Triage Call - Chad Nikkel (Referral) Cold  (CLOSED Deal) - Starts at 3:38 - Pass - 922H+I#$
Fusion 15 - 30 Min Triage Call - Jeff Blum (Auto-Booking) Cold  (Did Not Close) - Starts at 2:10 - Pass - xJW$D28U



Resources

Triage Script HERE  

Triage Video Break Down HERE 




Sales Call 

Adding Soon.. 


Sales Call Script

