Group Questions Template 

Use this group question template to pre - sell $47, $97 or even $497 offers 

QuestionTemplate 
Client Avatar) who wants to get (Result) by (Unexpected Way or Solution). If we can help you solve one challenge, what would it be?


How to get rid (Pain)
How to stop (Obstacle) 
How to get (Result)


2.We put together our clients favorite training (Name Of Training)(Description of Result) . What email can we send it to?

3.This month we’re offering a (Proven challenge or masterclass):(Short Description of benefits). Hands down the fastest way we have seen results with our best clients. Would you like to reserve a spot/Would you like us to send it your way? (choose Yes or No below)


1.[Answer All Questions Required for Entry] Welcome! This group is for (Ideal 




Examples

1.Welcome! This group is for college students and Online Entrepreneurs who want to do less work and create more impact by tapping into Wealth Consciousness. If we can help you solve one mindset challenge, what would it be?


How to get rid of fear
How to get rid of procrastination
How to tap into wealth consciousness


2.We put together our clients favorite training ‘Millionaire Mindshift’ -  Shifting into the Millionaire Mindset once and for all. What email can we send it to?


3. This month we’re offering a live Mindset Shifting Session for $47: Discover the hidden beliefs that hold you back and shift them for good. Hands down the fastest way we have seen results with our best clients. Would you like to reserve a spot? (Choose Yes or No)


Question 3 Examples of Different Pre-Selling Message Examples 


Question 3 (Discounted Coupon Code) 
As a new group member you get a  $25 off coupon code on our software [ENTER NAME OF SOFTWARE HERE] designed to help you grow your facebook group automatically. If you want the coupon code just select Yes and we will send it right over. 
💎Yes, I want access
No Thanks…





Question 3 (Discounted Direct Offer Variant) 
This month we’re offering a live Mindset Shifting Session for $47: Discover the hidden beliefs that 
Holding you back and shifting them for good. Hands down the fastest way we have seen results with our best clients. Would you like to reserve a spot? (Choose Yes or No)
💎Yes, Reserve My Spot
No Thanks...






Question 3 (Discounted Soft Offer Straight to the point Variant) 
This month we’re offering The High Ticket Automations Masterclass $47:Get  access to LTD software and the SOPs on how to Automate Your High Ticket Client Acquisition Process. Would you like to reserve a spot? (Open to 40 Attendees only)
💎Yes, Reserve My Spot
No Thanks..







Question 3 (Discounted Course Offer Variant) 
As a new group member you get Our Power Closing Masterclass discount Normally $497: You will learn the exact framework to 2x your $5 - $15k High Ticket Offers and get an Easy ‘Yes’ on Enrollment Calls. Would you like to grab this for only $47? 
💎Yes, Count me in
No Thanks…












Question 3 (Free Trial) 
As a new group member you a free 7 day trial on our software [ENTER NAME OF SOFTWARE HERE] designed to help you [ENTER DESIRED OUTCOME HERE]. If you want access just respond Yes and we will send it right over. 
💎Yes, I want access
No Thanks…







Question 3 Examples of Different Pre-Frame Messaging 

Question 3 (Discounted Offer Variant) 
This month we’re offering our program Implementation Accelerator at 50% off: Get access to software + daily implementation on how to enroll 1 High Ticket Client per week . Would you like to reserve a spot? (Open to 10 High Ticket Coaches only)
💎Yes, Reserve My Spot
No Thanks...






Our current group questions

Question 1
[1. Required] Inside we have Trainings, SOPs and Tools that Help Coaches fix common problems - What is most valuable for your business growth right now?
Multiple choice
🔘 How to create a High Ticket Offer ( $5k - $30k) that gets an easy 'Yes" on enrollment calls
🔘 How to hire a VA appointment setter that will run a High Ticket System the fills your group and gets appointments even if you take time off
🔘How to set up your group to pre-sell a entry point offer and accelerate your leads into a High Ticket Sale
🔘How one software users did $10k in first 3weeks by fully automating his prospecting
Question 2
Written Answer
[2. Required] 'Welcome Pack' The Exact Tool + SOP on how to how to book 2 - 4 appointments per day using automation (*Email Required to Access Training)
Write your answer...
Question 3
[3. Required] As a new group member you get a discount + $297 bonus on Prospect Connector Pro - normally $67 pm: The Exact Software we use to automate prospecting and consistently fill our pipeline. Would you like to grab this deal? (Limited to 20)
Multiple choice
💎Yes, I want access
No Thanks...

