The SOCCTOCCO Enrolment Framework 

Prepwork: Prospect Journey Recap

By Now you have: 

Engaged the prospect from a piece of content and/or using a How Hero™ to start a conversation.  
Assessed where they are at and the ‘real problem’ behind them not seeing results. 
Assigned a frame by pre-framing your solution to be something that solves the ‘real problem’. While doing so you created angst and intrigue using the Problem, Knowledge Gap and Angst formula. 
Gotten a commitment to a Call to Action, in this case it’s likely a strategy session. 
Gave them homework in the form of a piece of content to pre-frame them to create an Obligation. 

Now we have the final part, the sales call which should really be more of an ‘enrollment sequence’ 

Before even speaking to the prospect, you should focus on changing as many of the 5 core beliefs as possible. These are: 

Belief about the ‘problem’ - Do they see the problem through a different lens? 
Belief about the ‘solution’ - They must see your solution as the only logical solution for them. If it’s not this solution, then it’s something else we can send. 
Belief about YOU (our company) - The CCO should have done it’s job, but they may try to ask for case studies or additional proof. 
Belief about the commitment - Are they really ready to do this and commit to learning and implementing? 
Belief about the investment - Do they truly see this as an investment, meaning they see how it can help them? 

By the time they speak with you, they should be looking forward to the call, have a high perceived value and see you as an authority. The call should be all about ‘The next step’ more than it is a typical sales call. 

Like everything, we have a simple and highly effective framework. We call it SOCCTOCCO. 










The ‘SOCCTOCCO’ Enrolment Framework: 

Set the agenda (the proof frame)
One thing (one problem they have) 
Cost of doing nothing (specific financial cost to NOT solving this problem). 
Close all other doors (Closing any other solutions or potential doors they can go through). 
Timing and logistics (is this a priority right now?) 
Offer (Break down the offer) 
Commitment (establish the financial commitment) 
Call to action (Call to action to make the sale whether it be deposit or full payment). 
Objections and framing (What other objections do they have? (Use the 5 Beliefs)

Here is an Example of Our Script: 

Set the Agenda

You promised them a ‘Strategy Session’, so in this phase you want to acknowledge that you will be providing extra details to what you previously sent them or spoke about. Try not to share the screen, as it will derail the call.  

I know these calls have a bad rap, but I genuinely want to provide value. So is there anything specifically you want me to go over before i Jump in? 

[wait permission] 

Okay, so this will take about 45 minutes to really get you up to speed. A big part is seeing how we can help, and give you next steps for implementing this whole thing out.

(5 mins) 

One Thing

You don’t have to ask dozens of questions if you have done everything right. There is always ONE THING, one specific problem that has brought them to this call. Identify it then position it to call around solving it. 













What is the one biggest problem they are looking to solve?

So, just to start. How can I help? 
What’s one thing I can show you that would help that you did not get from the training? 

What do you mean by that?
Why? 

Get to the ‘real’ reason like you would on messenger. 

What is the offer?
Goal revenue? 

*Take any notes of important pain points they say that stick out. You will address them later. 

Cost of In-action

After you have identified the ‘One Thing’, you now need to attach a cost of doing nothing to it. You want the prospect to actually give you a financial cost of how much money is being wasted or left on the table by not taking action. 

If you focused that same amount of time on sales, how much extra do you think you could be making each week? 

So you're essentially leaving x amount on the table? 

Close all other doors 

This is where you have the prospect close all other options or ‘doors’ they were going to try. You want them to list out what they have tried and help them close this door. 

“So, if you're currently spending/doing X and it's costing you X then why have you not solved this already? What have you already tried?”

Have them admit and close each door of other solutions.

Timing: 

Now is the time to identify their readiness and the logistics of this being implemented. This is also a nice ‘temp check’ to look at the logistics. 

How soon are you looking to get something like this implemented? 
Is this something you want to fix now or can you wait a few weeks and implement some of it yourself? 

*If they say now, or ASAP’ then you have them. 


Offer 

Now we break down our offer. We do this in a way to use ‘inverse benefits’. We want to teach them 3-5 new ways of thinking by positioning this ‘4 problems you must solve’. 

We then want to break down each, while focusing on the cost of doing nothing. The formula is this: The problem, obvious ways people fail, new ideas, how we implement. 

So there are 4 problems which you need to solve right now. Here is how you solve each one. 
Do you have a notepad or something to write with - are you recording this? 

Problem 1 

The biggest bottleneck to people seeing results is that they never learnt how to convert their skillset into a system. [Problem] 

Whether this is via Facebook, Linkedin, Instagram, cold email...it does not matter. What matters is that many people do not realise that within a few weeks you can systematically teach anyone to identify pain points, create messaging and close leads. [Obvious ways to fail] 

In this phase, we train both you and your team in PDOCS™ to generate 3-4 appointments per day. When you're ready, we then bring in a shortlist of appointment setters who begin generating their own leads using PDOCS system. [Solution] 

We map out schedules, and get everyone in your team using a simple routine for minimum input and max output. This alone will bring you up to $50k months, and you can scale by just hiring new commission based app setters. [Implementation] 

Does this make sense? 

[Wait and move to next stage] 

Commitment

Here we look at both the investment AND the actual commitment from the prospect. We want to temp check the prospect while also framing it so it’s something they are asking you for. 

Before jumping straight in, you want to make sure there are not any burning questions lingering. 

So, I hope you took some notes. 

Is there anything about this that stuck out, or something you still don’t quite understand. I may not be able to provide an in-depth answer as we are short on time - but I can send you more resources. 

*Address concerns** 

So first, how do you feel about the process? Does it make sense? Do you see how it could work for you? 

[Wait for them to ask how they can work together] 

Okay, so i’ll break down the investment if we were to do this for you. 

For us to build this all out from crafting your offer, building an organic appointment setting team, training them sales, building a 7 figure agency team and even automating every part of this. 

We charge a one off cost of $x,xxx This takes 12 weeks in total to build out. 

Objections: 

Now we start with objections. If you have gone through each stage correctly then you will likely have fewer objections. But here is the most common. 

Rules for dealing with objections: 

Acknowledge it “okay this makes total sense” 
Isolate it “so is this the biggest thing you think that is stopping you?” 
Dig deeper “identify the real reason” 
Address next steps “choose which step will help solve that problem” 

Example: 

Proof: This is actually a shit test. 

They say: “can I see any case studies or proof of how this works” 

You say: “What would you like to see that would give concrete proof that this works?” 

The thing is it does not matter how many case studies, video testimonials we can send you. 

The only thing that will give trust that this works is based on getting you that first win. 

What was the first win that you found in that training? What would be the first tangible win that we could get you which would allow you to have unwavering certainty about this process? 

They will say a specific thing - dig deeper and write down. You may need to do a follow-up call. 



Belief about the ‘problem’ - Do they see the problem through a different lens? 

This comes down to you acknowledging what they are going through then explaining the ‘real problem’. 

Belief about the ‘solution’ - Do they see your solution as the only solution? 

If you don’t change their belief about the solution, you will just be one of many services ‘pitching’. To change their belief about the solution, you have to change the way they think by ensuring you are addressing the inverse benefits while breaking down your offer. 


Belief about YOU (Your company) - Do they see you as an authority? 

If you have added value, while also injecting a knowledge gap and angst, you should have engineered enough authority. The quickest way to0 building authority is not through social proof but helping get tangible results before the call. 

Belief about the commitment - Are they really ready to do this and commit to learning and implementing? 

Is your client commitment to doing what it takes to solve the problem? Even if your program is ‘Done for You’ any good CEO will still be committed to learning something new so they can understand what changes are happening in their business. 

Belief about the investment - Do they truly see this as an investment, meaning they see how it can help them? 

Are they seeing this as a cost or an investment? If they do not see this as an investment, then you have not created an effective cost of inaction and/or built up enough desire for them to take action and see tangible.
