📍THE DM VSL  👀
Turning Friend Requests into Sales without being pushy or salesy 

THE SIMPLE APPROACH TO SELLING IN THE DM’s 

  


Part of the $1k Per Day Sales System with Full Reseller Rights 
Learn More → HERE



Using the DM’s for sales the ‘Right’ way.

Why do some people crush DM Lead Gen and Sales while others have a hard time even getting people to respond? 


I will show you how we are converting  $397 - $997 deals in the dms like clockwork. 












But first…

I am willing to say you probably have had bad experiences with DM sales

I have had them too.

Whether you are being sold to or doing the selling…

It can be rough out there unless you have some serious tenacity or a ridiculous system 

I absolutely hated DM Setting and Selling 

It honestly was torturous 

The problem with DM Selling and Setting 

I tried everything under the sun to remove myself from the tedious DMing sales process 

Automation (had our own tool)
VA teams 
Training our staff 
Complex Many Chat Sequences


We even hired a set of coaches at a $100k premium to master selling from stage. 

All this to avoid using the dms

Pretty extreme I know. 

The crazy part is we found ourselves back in dm’s 

 But, this time, we found something so good hiding right under our nose. 

And I’m about to show you how to hopefully change your DM game for good. 

How to Reverse the Frame in the DM’s  
GET PEOPLE TO BUY YOUR STUFF EVEN IF THEY ARE TRYING TO SELL YOU


The Inbound Friend Request System


If you get a friend request it usually comes followed with a typical message

trying to engage or sell right away.  



You know the typical ‘Hey Nice to Connect’ Message 

I used to find this off putting, then I realized 

1. Those are people just trying to make a better business 
2. They are actually really good leads (Coming to you) 

Yes, a great lead and a potential sale

As long as you have a proper way to reverse the frame and take the 
‘Power Position’ in the conversation.

I will show you how to do this with the SCRIPT below. 

This has made us countless sales time and time again. 

Simply understand how to engage these people and you'll find that they are usually looking to find a better way

And the best part is they are coming to you 

So it’s time to start turning those ‘Inbound Requests’ into leads and sales. 

Use this script to do it quickly and easily 

The Solution to DM Setting and Selling

This is a simple but powerful approach to either setting calls or making sales in the DM s

We use this to sell directly, specifically a $997 offer ( You can use the same offer if you don’t have an offer yet) → HERE 

This works with inbound requests and outbound requests and the FULL Script is below. 

You will need to have some sort of Valuable Lead Magnet 

And a DM VSL to make this work. 


We use this lead magnet  → HERE

 The Framework  Power Opener → Engage Lead → DM VSL → SALE 

You can use this exact same system if you 
purchase our reseller program → HERE 









If you get the system above you can use the Lead Magnet and the pre-built ‘DM VSL’ script and video as your own to make $997 per sale. 

SCRIPT → HERE 
INBOUND SYSTEM 

NEW FRIENDS SENDING YOU A MESSAGE… 




→ THEY SEND YOU A MESSAGE 

Hey Christian nice to connect. I see you are in some of the same groups. What do you do? 


ANSWER THEIR QUESTION - GIVE THEM WHAT THEY WANT


Hey {NAME}

→ Nice to connect…  SEND
→ Thanks for sending that friend request through, (ANSWER THEIR QUESTION HERE) I am doing good thank you. I am a Business coach etc… 

Then Steal the FRAME 

→  I always give new friends access to my {Valuable FREE Resource Name} - It will help you {Describe the main result it helps with}

Ex:  I always give new friends access to my Content A.I. tool absolutely FREE - It will help you write content that pulls in leads consistently. Usually between 10 - 40 leads per post

If you want access just reply 'YES' here that way I know it's ok to send the link  SEND

4. → Attach Image 
 

Send a relevant image of the resource that you're offering them 

WAIT! (wait for them to respond) 



If they don’t respond follow up → Follow Up One  (one day later) 

→  Would you like me to send it over [Name] ?  SEND

WAIT

If they don’t respond follow up → Follow Up Two  (one day later) 

→ I was asking because this is part of my system/process that helps with {Result or Desire}  →  Drop The DM-VSL   SEND
7.
https://www.loom.com/share/234f3cc0a3b444ebad64773c2715490c?sid=eecbddde-3126-43c0-b96e-1b46823839b4

 send loom direct in DM → HERE 


They Respond with CTA In DM-VSL

← THUMBS UP or YES 
← THEY DON'T Respond - MOVE ON

Once they respond ‘Yes’ or ‘Thumbs Up’ send it over your link (checkout page or offer) 

8. → sure thing SEND
9. → Here the link - (Drop Link here) SEND NEXT STEP

Wait! (12-24 hrs) 

Follow up with a “this or that” question 

10. → Quick Question… SEND
11. → Are you a This or a That (This or That) SEND


Example: Are you currently growing your business or just starting out?


They Respond 

← Just Starting out

Go Direct but Non Intrusive wIth  (Knowledge Gap) 

12. → Here's why I asked..I am looking for {Specific Type Of Person} that is doing (Specific Unwanted Action)  -  to get (Specific Result Mentioned in DM-VSL) by  (Unexpect Solution)  . SEND

Here’s why I asked, we are currently looking for 5 coaches that are wanting to simplify their business by using a pre-built DFY system. You can make between $397 -  $997 per sale with full reseller rights to the system. The best part is we have been making sales by simply giving away a powerful A.I. software to our leads. 

 13. Would that be worth a chat for you? SEND

They Respond

← Yes 
← No (Just ask why not) 

Go for the sale 

14. → Here is the loom video breakdown, please watch it and I will check back with you tomorrow to answer any questions you might have…

→Sound good? 

Let them Respond

15. 

← Yes Send LOOM 
← No ( Just ask why not) 

Close (Send your Calendly Link) 

→ Ok here is my booking link - just pick a time that works best for you (Drop Link Here) 


OUTBOUND SYSTEM 

Send Friend Requests in Groups with Targeted Audience

NEW FRIENDS ACCEPT REQUESTS

Engage The Croc Brain

Hey {NAME}

→ Nice to connect…  SEND
→ Thanks for accepting. 

Then Steal the FRAME 

→  I always give new friends access to my {Valuable FREE Resource Name} - It will help you {Describe the main result it helps with}

→ If you have something to share I will take a look and also see what you do and if there is some synergy -  love connecting with like minded people. SEND

Ex:  I always give new friends access to my Content A.I. tool absolutely FREE - It will help you write content that pulls in leads consistently. Usually between 10 - 40 leads per post

 If you want access just reply 'YES' here that way I know it's ok to send the link  SEND



→ Attach Image  

WAIT! 

If they don’t respond follow up → Follow Up One  (one day later)

→  Would you like me to send it over [Name] ?  SEND

WAIT

If they don’t respond follow up → Follow Up Two (one day later) 


→ I was asking because this is part of my system/process that helps with {Result or Desire}  →  Drop The DM-VSL   SEND

https://www.loom.com/share/234f3cc0a3b444ebad64773c2715490c?sid=eecbddde-3126-43c0-b96e-1b46823839b4

Download and send direct in DM → HERE 


They Respond with CTA In DM-VSL

← THUMBS UP or YES 
← THEY DON'T Respond - MOVE ON

Once they respond ‘Yes’ or ‘Thumbs Up’ send it over your link (offer or checkout) 


→ Sure thing SEND
→ Here the link - (Drop Link here) SEND NEXT STEP

Wait! (12-24 hrs) 

Follow up with a “this or that” question 


→ Quick Question… SEND
→ Are you a This or a That (This or That) SEND

Example: Are you currently growing your business or just starting out?


They Respond 

← Just Starting out

Go Direct but Non Intrusive with wIth  (Knowledge Gap) 

→ Here's why I asked...I am looking for {Specific Type Of Person} that is doing (Specific Unwanted Action)  -  to get (Specific Result Mentioned in DM VSL) by  (Unexpect Solution)  . SEND

Here’s why I asked, we are currently looking for 5 coaches that are wanting to simplify their business by using a pre-built DFY system. You can make between $397 -  $997 per sale with full reseller rights to the system. The best part is we have been making sales by simply giving away powerful A.I. software to our leads. 


→ Would that be worth a chat for you? SEND

They Respond

← Yes 
← No (Just ask why not) 

Go for the sale 

→Here is the loom video breakdown, please watch it and I will check back with you tomorrow to answer any questions you might have…

→Sound good?

Let them Respond

← Yes 
← No (Just ask why not) 


—---------------------------------------------------------------


Now that you have been through the script 

Hopefully you can feel the excitement knowing you can easily generate leads and sales through FRIEND REQUESTS 

Whether they are inbound or outbound

Because let’s face it - now you have a much better approach.

And also, how to make more sales with far less work in the DM’s using the ‘DM-VSL’ 

Do this right and it can be the difference between a few sales here and there VS constant growth. 

The crazy part is… this made it possible for a VA or Team member to 
Run our DM strategies for our business. 

I hope it does the same for you… 



Why the DM-VSL is Hitting Hard 

The DM-VSL solves several problems we faced when setting and selling in the DMs 

It gets straight to the point 
It sells consistently unlike conversational sales or interview style qualification 
It is quick to pull leads and make sales as long as we give the ‘RIGHT’ kind of value upfront 
It is DIRECT but NON INTRUSIVE

The major problems we faced when doing DM setting is people have their guard up and they will reject almost anything unless you can break the guard down.  

The best way to do this is the 1-2 punch of DM sales which is the ‘POWER OPENER’ followed by ‘soft opt-in’.

Think of it kinda like a 2-step post but in the DMs

The ‘Power Opener’ goes right for the jugular by going direct but by giving something of value. 

It will disarm the guard of your prospects and open up space to do some work. 



This will allow us to guide the conversation forward and go for the first opt-in. 

Then drop the ‘DM-VSL’ to make the sale or go for the next step. 

What is the DM VSL?

The DM-VSL consists of a few powerful but simple aspects 

A 1 - 3 minute video that addresses why they got the video, the results you offer for the next step in your sales process, why they should move forward and the CTA for the next step which will be… 
The video should be 25mb or less 
You can use LOOM for the video if you want to see analytics and do some customizations
It must be congruent with your Lead Magnet
It must give a clear CTA for the next step in the DM 
You're going to want to use slides and a nice setup. Start the video with ‘You probably received an invite to…’







Here is an example of a DM VSL working really well right now → HERE 













Making A Simple DM VSL  

If you want to make a DM-VSL with the script and the DM Script customized for any offer, any product, any problem you solve, any client you help… The fastest way to do it is inside of MASS A.I.


What Is MASS A.I.   

MASS A.I. is our platform that can create just about any type of system or business asset you would need including the DM-VSL 



THE DM VSL MODULE


If you want to get the DM-VSL MODULE inside of MASS A.I. for FREE 

You can get it as a bonus when you join us in the MRR Systems 1k PER DAY - SUPER SYSTEM





By now you're probably wondering what’s inside 
MRR Super System… 




Reseller rights for MRR Viral Cash Blueprint Go through this world class best marketing training and implement it to resell MRR Secrets and keep 100% profits with Resell Rights with this done for you system. Simply Give away Powerful A.I. Software to give people value and into your system to make sales. (3997)

Content Funnels Module in Mass.A.I. Comprehensive Training & Tool for our proprietary 'CONTENT FUNNELS' strategy for creating viral social media content and sales systems.

We have grown our business to $100K/month by posting consistently. Learn how we we do it systematically ($1297)

Done For You Automations. The same automations we used to save follow up consistently and nurture our new leads. This is where 90% of business owners mis the mark and one of the core solutions that this product solves ($1997)

AutomationSuite Access (Our Version Of GHL) Snapshot and Account access to get your system running in record time (Usually about 1.5 hours) and ready to launch/ ($997)

Pre- Built Done For You Nurturing Systems We hit $100K/month with a team of only 3 members, this is possible just because we automate most of our processes and systems. Steal our exact automations and plug them into your business to give your business the growth you truly desire ($1997)

Done For You Ads Cold hot and warm traffic ads for conversion. ($997)





High Ticket Sales System - Back end Sales System

✅ Learn how to ascend new buyers into High Ticket Sales using our 'Auto-Ascension' Model .
✅ Auto-Affiliate Approval for Our Backend High Ticket Offer
✅ Facebook and Community Set Up

Snapshot and System Updates

✅ Constant improvements on Snapshot and System
✅ Step By Step Set-up guide and SOPS

Our SOP Library for Scaling (Bonus)

✅ Our inhouse SOPs which we use on daily basis
✅ Facebooks Ads SOPs
✅ Funnel SOPs
✅ Checklists

Total Value
TOTAL VALUE WITH BONUSES: $9,235
Today's Investment 
ONLY $997 ONE TIME

GET STARTED  →  HERE 



This offer will sell out quickly. 
GO HERE to secure your spot. 

We built this entire system with our platform 






Mass AI Reseller System TLDR: 
The Mass AI Reseller System is a lead generation system that aims to generate $67, $197, $397 and $997 front end sales repeatedly by offering a powerful AI tool for free.
This system is designed to provide value to users and eliminate the learning curve for them to achieve specific results and will increase your take rate on Mid to High Ticket Sales.


By giving away a powerful tool, such as the one provided in the system, users find it more valuable and are more likely to get results and attribute them to your process. Additionally, this approach allows for the creation of an automated sales funnel that can lead users to a low ticket training program that complements the free tool.
The Mass AI Reseller System is particularly beneficial for coaches, consultants, and agency owners who want to ascend into a high-ticket backend. 
The system includes a structure that helps users generate leads by offering the free AI tool and provides a 100% payout on sales through a pre-built system of DFY offers at different price ranges. 
Simultaneously, it allows for the ascension into a high-ticket backend.
The system utilizes Mass A.I. - A platform that accelerates the process of creating content, writing emails, conducting research, and building funnels.
Mass A.I. leverages structured AI to emulate the work of copywriters, content creators, researchers, and funnel builders. By using Mass A.I. individuals or small teams can achieve the productivity of a high-performance team without the need for extensive resources.
Mass A.I. Reseller Systems includes a free tool that offers top-performing Facebook posts and strategies for generating leads, creating curiosity, crafting hooks for stories and reels, and engaging with the audience. 
This tool helps individuals who may not have the knowledge or time to build a strong presence on Facebook.

As users progress through the reseller funnel, the next step is to learn how to turn their (newly improved content) content into leads and sales. The course within the system provides comprehensive guidance on this process, including resources such as SOPs and scripts to assist users in maximizing their content's sales potential.
To fully benefit from the system, users can become resellers, gaining access to the entire system to sell as their own. Resellers receive 100% commissions or profits on sales made through the system, which can range from $197 to $997 per sale. The system provides all the necessary components, including ads, disclaimers, emails, viral content, funnels, and bonuses.
The system also offers a comprehensive automation sequence that guides our reseller's users through the entire buyer's journey. This facilitates engagement, relationship-building, and ultimately… sales. This automation sequence is fully automated and can be set up within an hour and a half to two hours of focused time.

