→ Name, I Saw you requested the (Name Of Giveaway with link) SEND ENGAGING THE CROC BRAIN

→ Want me to send it here? SEND


Example:  Shakoor,  Saw you requested the best performing ads sheet - https://www.facebook.com/ChristianRayEscobedo/posts/5217576951588117

Want me to send it here?

They Respond 

← Yes thank you 

Once they respond send it over 


→ sure thing SEND
→ Here the link - (Drop Link here) SEND

Immediately ask this or that question 


→ Quick Question… SEND
→ Are you doing /working on/working towards/working with ( This or That) SEND

Example: Are you currently running ads for yourself or do you have clients?


They Respond 

← I have clients

Go Direct but Non Intrusive wIth  (Knowledge Gap) 

→ Here's why I asked..I am looking for (Specific Type Of Person) that is doing (Specific Relatable Action)  -  to get (Specific Result) by  [Knowledge Gap] (Unexpect Solution) without (Undesired Way/Obstacle) . SEND 






→ Would that be worth a chat for you? SEND


Example: Here's why  I asked.. I am looking for an agency that is currently running more than 1k per day in ad spend to work with on a project we are beta testing - it is a new software that allows us to retarget customers at 5 - 7x lower cost with little to no changes on ads…

Knowledge Gap - HERE 

Would that be worth a chat for you? 


They Respond

← Yes 
← No (Just ask why not) 

Go for the call 

It’s easiest to discuss over a 15 min zoom chat to see if this would work for you.. 

Let them Respond

← Yes 
← No ( Just ask why not) 

Close (Send your Calendly Link) 

→ Ok here is my booking link - just pick a time that works best for  you (Drop Link Here) 


—---------------------------------------------------------------


3 Way DMs 


Hey [name] I noticed you haven’t booked in yet… Would it be ok if I connect you with Christian | Amber who recently helped one of our clients do 72.5k in one week while saving 20 hours per week? 

They respond 
Yes -  

Hey [Name], Hey Christian - let me introduce you to each other. 

Christian: [Name] is a business coach who's run, grown and sold a load of businesses, and is now starting a coaching business to help small business owners grow and/or sell theirs. He's looking for support in refining his offer, and also for direct help in building the content and systems to get the business rolling

Chad: Christian is an amazing coach who helps coaches and consultants build automated systems in their business so they can scale rapidly. His program also has a DFY focus, which is aligned to the support that you said you might be looking for right now






